BUGS:

screen calculation for dual-extended support (I think this fixed itself in Java/swing realeases over the years...seems to work now)

check invoice for status before initiating any comand affected by changes during a "view" in the invoice manager

*** turn on buttons for a search but make sure we verify that the button is a viable command for running!

The 31st invoice item is not being printed!!!! Fixed???
----------------------------------------

add ability to attach more files to a quote or invoice email!

scan contacts to make sure phone number, email, address, address2  is unique before saving!!

Inventory search functions

More ways to search? inventory invoices customers suppliers

establish a unique return feature for DBEngine search (no duplicate results)...no longer needed
    application has been updated to Java 11 and ORMLite, targeting H2 by default


invoice aux screen, finish integration

finish invoice layout, statements and report layouts
add font and color to data element

finish EDI for email feature (version 1.6)


add feature to output invoices to a ftp location with pages and folders set with permissions for clients 
    add secure ftp configurations for users to send files
       add features to generate files to spec and send via ftp  
(basic page with a list of availble invoices as links--branded with custom CSS ability)


Integration:

    send files (Excel / CSV) to analytics and reporting service (which sergvices?: PowerBI, Excel, DataIku, Airtable, another SQL server...Azure and AWS analytics)

API economy connectors
export columns from a table to a XHTML/CSV/XML files uploaded to a server...html templating where use can plug in certain fields (and make calculations?) ...are we doing too much here? 
   *** maybe users just need plugged into a service like Stripe where inventory can be kept in sync if the user wishes...and those services offer ecommerce pages etc...
start with integration (AirTable and ) and add raw solution enablers like FTP and templating (with an eye toward supporting EDI) later
    templating is allowing the user to supply any text files where a triggered action would replace specific tokens in the text file with data from the app...and then send it somewhere
     this includes AirTable integration etc...maybe even target live edited excel sheets etc
provide triggers to activate the compilation and upload, 
create a new dialog with tabs to handle each connector
    need a better strategy for managing configurations (API keys, passwords...very sensitive data)
        need to make sure user authentication and authorization are locked down
            possible scheme is to make each client request a database password (that expires...maintenance task....weak point) 
                the generated user name and password are passed back over (sweet...sweet mutual capable) tls connection to the client ...
                    who then includes that in the connection string...for the hopefully mutually encrypted connection to the hopefully-encrypted database
                    


need to copy standard layout files to new companies!

EDI - allow email transfer of data changes to a list of email addresses checked by other stations  

Set up a new data table to house annotations for inventory items.
Have the annotations independent but linkable to inventory items.
Need an annotation manager to work with this feature.

Can annotations be linked to a specific invoice item, yes, they must be.
invitemnote.sch - annotations tied to a specific invitem key
annotations.sch - reusable annotations


On receipts, must be a way to include UPC!!!!
Make sure each document element is switchable on/off


Need recurring billing/payment system

Need a list of sent emails, an email log!
    Need to plug into email services for invoicing and marketing pushes.

----------------------------------------

**********
Adding or changing document elements:

DocumentLayout: Make sure there is a proper "if" section for the new element

InvoicePrintPanel: If graphical make sure it is handled properly - paintComponent()

InvoiceLayoutManager: Make sure it is handled in addNewDocumentElement()

DocumentElement: private variable, getter, setter, printElement()?

**********


NewEmail object line 69 introduce email checking and prompt
move sch files into a zip file and calculate a MD5 that is stored in binary for comparison

cash drawer utility
if no email address is found for a contact as k for one
  
Create a custom invoice layout for pre-printed forms
Create a css form builder for custom invoices/workorders/quotes.

make the misc field show up on invoices, allow them to name the misc field
and select the name for inclusion and the field per customer.

Create a one-off label utility for single labels inappropriate for the database

Allow the user to send a quick text/file email from my connections.

Need more phone numbers and document management features. Really?
    storing and attaching documents to invoices and contacts and inventory...manuals, images, digital assets/products

build a check register to track "printed" checks

inventory labels need to go in workingPath ...death to workingPath
inventory groups need managed and barcode label ability
inventory calc inventory cost needs to be made manual

need to DAO all data access that references a field index

need right-click & Copy abilities on tables cells

INVENTORY:
need deep searches for inventory description

need image managemnet in inventory, allow them to select files and rename them,
allow multiple pics and slideshow ability.  rename files based on code
when selecting multiple file display a list of files with a preview at the right, allow
the user to change the order of the files as they will be renamed CODE#_1, CODE#_2, etc...
tell them they are being renamed and copied to path...death to path
check for upc and code and display them in radio format to select auto renaming,
if none of either is found display a text box for the user to provide a name.
Put the files in a folder under the base name, this way the user can run slide
shows of product lines easily
Nevitium should allow the user to select products from inventory to run as a slide show
setup to provide user interaction through a touch interface, allowing them to scroll
and get more information


